{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red12\green12\blue12;
\red12\green12\blue12;\red165\green165\blue165;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;
\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;\cssrgb\c70588\c70588\c70588;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24500\viewh10700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Physician:
\f1\b0  Hi, Mrs. Paulton?\
Patient: Yes. \
Physician: Hi, my name is Amy. It's nice to meet you.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  Nice to meet you, Amy.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  So what brings you in today?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  Well, I had an episode last night where I had really bad pain, low down in my belly.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Can you start from the beginning and really tell me everything you can remember about when it started?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  Sure. It woke me up last night a little after, I'd say about 1 o'clock. And it was an awful, I don't know, I want to say like tearing pain. So I got up. I kind of walked around. Woke up my husband. And, I don't know, it just didn't get any better. It was awful.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  So it woke you up out of sleep. 
\f0\b \
Patient: 
\f1\b0 Right. \
Physician: Can you tell me more about the pain? \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 It was a tearing pain.\cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  Yeah. I think it's one of the worst pains I've had in my life.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  And where was it?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  Down low on my right side of my abdomen.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  And did it move anywhere?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  Yeah, sometimes it would move down into my groin area.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. All right. So you tried to walk around. That didn't seem to help. \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
Patient: \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Right. \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
Physician: \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Anything you did to try to help it?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  I did try some Tylenol.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
Patient: \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 And, I don't know, after half an hour or so, I really didn't feel any difference. I don't think it helped.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. So this was about 1 in the morning. \
Patient: Mm-hmm. \
Physician: What did you do then? What happened next?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  Oh, I actually got back into bed. I tried curling up. That really didn't help. And then I felt like I had to pee. So I would go into the bathroom, and I'd try to go, but only little teeny amounts would come out. So I'd get up again, and I'd pace, and, you know, the pain was bad. And then I'd go back in again, try to pee again, and, you know, very small amounts would come out.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Sounds like it was a long morning for you.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  Yeah, if not most of the night.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. How long did the pain last?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  Well, it was very strange. \
Physician: I\'92m assuming you don't have it now.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  No, I don't have it now.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  Okay. I'd say a little before 5 o'clock this morning, all of a sudden, the pain went away.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Hmm. 
\f0\b \
Patient: 
\f1\b0 And I was peeing, and a lot of urine came out.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. 
\f0\b \
Patient: 
\f1\b0 And I felt good. \
Physician: Okay. Was there anything different about the urine that came out?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  I did notice it was a little bit brown colored.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. Is that something that you've seen before?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  No, that's new.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. And while this was going on, while the pain was going on, was it constant? Did it come and go, or was it really constant for those hours?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  It was pretty constant.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. Yeah. Any other symptoms that you felt at the same time?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  Yeah, I remember feeling pretty nauseous.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. \
Patient: And then sweaty.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. And did those symptoms last throughout with the pain as well, or did they come and go?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  They started after the pain started, but they were pretty much there the whole time.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. Have you had any changes in your bowels?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  No. \
Physician: Like diarrhea, constipation?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  No.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. All right. And do you still get your menses?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  No.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. And how long has it been since you got your period?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  I would say it's been a good year and a half. \
Physician: So it's been a while.\
Patient: \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Mm-hmm. \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. And did you have any vomiting?\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  No.\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb2 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. And along with the sensation of having to pee and not being able to pee, was there any pain when you were able to pee?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \cb2 Patient:
\f1\b0  It wasn't painful when I was peeing. It's just that I couldn't get the pee out. \
\
Physician: Right. \
\
Patient: I mean, just small amounts. For so long.\cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf4 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. I just want to move on now and ask you some more questions about your health. \
Patient: Okay\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf5 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Physician: 
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 How would you describe your overall health?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 Patient:
\f1\b0  I'd say I'm pretty healthy.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. Great. Do you see a doctor regularly?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  Yes.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. Who is the doctor?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  Dr. Smith.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  And does he treat you for any, or he or she?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  She. Sorry, she.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Does she treat you for any medical conditions?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  No.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. Have you been in the hospital ever?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  Just had my kids.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. And any surgeries that you've had?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  After my third child was born, I had my tubes tied.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Just want to ask you also if there are any medicines that you take.\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  No prescription medications.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. Other than the Tylenol that you took this morning.\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  Right.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Any allergies that you have?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  No.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. 
\f2\b \cf5 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Patient: 
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Nothing at all. \
Physician: All right. I just want to ask you now about your family history.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 Patient:
\f1\b0  Okay. \
Physician: Are there any diseases that run in your family?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  Nothing really comes to mind. My mom pulls her back up every once in a while when she lifts things on. And my dad's pretty healthy.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Anybody in your family that you know of ever have kidney problems?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  No.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. Kidney stones?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  I don't think so.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. So I'm just going to move on now and ask you some questions about your daily life and some of your health habits.\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  Okay.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Do you drink alcohol?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  No.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. And no smoking?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  No. \
Physician: Okay. \
Patient: I never smoked.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  And you don't do any other kinds of recreational drugs?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  No.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. And what do you do for a living?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  I work in a library.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. All right. So are you missing work today?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  I am.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. Is that going to be a problem?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  No. I left a message for them and I'm sure it won't be a problem.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. They're pretty understanding. \
Patient:Yes. \
Physician: Okay. Well, that's good. I'm glad. And you mentioned your husband earlier that you woke him up this morning. Can you tell me a little bit about your support systems?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  I guess he's probably the main support system. I mean, he was helpful last night or was trying to be. Yeah. And he drove me in this morning.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. Okay. Last night when you had this pain, was it ever so bad that you thought about going to the hospital?\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  You know, my husband said, you know, why don't we go to the hospital? And then I'd be like, okay, let's go. And then I'd be like, no, I have to go to the bathroom. And then I'd be, you know, sitting in the bathroom. And then the pain was so bad. And then I'd have to pee again. And I never really kind of made it. And then the pain went away.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. So you never made it, but if you had really needed to go, he would have been able to help you. Take you.\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  Oh, yeah.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. All right. I'm glad you have that support in your life. In terms of the history, I feel like we've gotten a pretty good idea of what's going on and the symptoms that you've had. So at this point, I think we just need to do the physical exam, see if you need any tests, and then we'll move on from there.\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  Okay.\

\f0\b Physician:
\f1\b0  Okay. So I will be right back.\

\f0\b Patient:
\f1\b0  Thank you. \
Physician: Thank you very much.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf6 \strokec6 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf0 \
\
}